c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJWebAPP.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJWebAPP.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJWebAPP.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\obj\Debug\RemesasJJWebAPP.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\obj\Debug\RemesasJJWebAPP.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJ.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJ.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\SendGrid.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\SendGrid.pdb
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\SendGrid.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJWebAPP.dll.config
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJWebAPP.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJWebAPP.pdb
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\SendGrid.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJ.pdb
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\SendGrid.pdb
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\SendGrid.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\obj\Debug\RemesasJJWebAPP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\obj\Debug\RemesasJJWebAPP.dll
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\obj\Debug\RemesasJJWebAPP.pdb
C:\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\bin\RemesasJJ.dll
C:\Users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RemesasJJWebAPP\RemesasJJWebAPP\obj\Debug\RemesasJJWebAPP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
